hi friends my name is Misha and today
we will have another video from the category
how to do certain things in
battlefield 3
and first I want to ask you one
question how often you have been such
situations when I play any
city ​​map
you kill any of their heifers Snyder
have you seen this guy just stand
on any of the roofs even on this
let's say even on this one seeing chicks like
he stands right here from time to time
stick out your nose and kill one by one
a person a few minutes is usually not
more because its pretty fast
watering and he hides so here's how to smoke
such a sniper there and make it up in
next time do not sit anywhere on
the roof is likely to at least take part
in battle yes and so how to call reception I am not
know the name decide yourself I'll show you
as I often do and this technique
in principle, already enjoys a long time
very popular players and he
quite effective and so we just
stood by the wall on a little by him
distance we raise our sight as much as possible
higher all the way and throw a grenade
In principle, the exact goal in what
the advantage of such a reception of course can
climb the stairs we can throw
a grenade right from here but when we throw
a grenade in the same way as I threw it now
grenade makes a long way up and
then some more time flies down and
breaks down almost immediately after
how to touch the roof that is
literally on landing therefore
to run away from such a grenade the chances are almost
No, if you grant Grant successfully under
naked almost right under the legs then
most likely you will succeed and more
This technique works great as
at least in one situation I have it for you now
I'll show you back in a second so
now we are on the map
top of the vanda house in what mode
defensive side is very popular
the card I myself adore the assault on this particular
picture
perhaps even my favorite, and that so
going on here this is first base
the attacker flees from the hills and often
many of them running right over here
jump over this wall to hide
actually from you if you know
that someone jump off this hill
and sat behind a wall somewhere around here let's say
or see just on the minimap
that here behind the wall is the enemy
reception about which I told you
few seconds earlier wonderful
works and here let me try right now
the wall that there will be able to quickly
follow the words
so
let's say behind this wall around here
one or more enemies are not important
as usual we lift up our head
high up in the sky we throw a grenade
almost killed me if we moved away
even a bit further because their business impact and
by Kant, that is, moved somewhere by meter
walls
the grant fell butorin somewhere here and killed
one or even two of their enemies
I hope this advice will be useful to you.
thank you very much for watching and to
soon